This is a new development release adding a new major feature "Reader mode".
"Reader mode" is always on filtering all feed content and HTML5 enriched content
to remove ads, visual noise and any left-over website navigation elements that
might end up in your feeds content.

Please test the feature and give feedback on your experiences!

Additionally Youtube videos from MediaRSS feeds are now automatically
rendered and there are two new powerful search folder rules available to match
parent folder and subscription URL.

## Feature Deprecations

### Combined View

1.13 will drop the combined view aka 2-pane view mode. The feature was not
maintained well, did not provide the same functionality as the 3-pane modes and
did not scale well. Removing it will significantly simplify the code base and allows
to implement "Reader mode" for the now single-item/single-document only views. 

### "photo" namespace

The rarely seen photo namespace support has been dropped to simplify the 
rendering templates.

### Disabling JS in internal browser

To allow for "Reader mode" which (using Readability.js) is Javascript based
we now cannot disable Javascript in the item view anymore. The global preference
for disabling Javascript has been renamed to indicate that it only affects loading
websites in the internal browser.

## Changes

        * #846, #864, #735: Fix main menu/toolbar not being translated
          (reported by nesfla, Qik000, SingleMalt2104)

        * #854: Adding new search folder options to match
          subscription source URL and parent folder name.
          (suggested by muhlinux)

        * #851: Add accessibility check to code tests
          (Lars Windolf)

        * #851: Fix accessibility annotations for several combo boxes.
          (Lars Windolf)

        * #850: Fix embedded youtube video bug.
          (reported by sblondon)

        * #765: Embed YouTube videos from MediaRSS feeds
          (Mikel Olasagasti)

        * #749: Add Readability.js library (Apache 2.0 licensed)
          and auto-apply Readability.js to all headlines
          (Lars Windolf)

        * Drop unused glade/google_source.ui
          (Lars Windolf)

        * Drop support of combined view mode, this is necessary
          to add rich content support which relies on DOM
          transformation and Readability.js
          (Lars Windolf)

        * Drop ns_photo support, as it is rarely used and
          allows us to get rid of XSLT extra handling
          (Lars Windolf)

        * #747: Font improvements
          (Azhar Mithani)

        * #250 Update some dialog labels
          (GreenLunar)

        * #803: Fix legacy links to mailing list and IRC in
          documentation.
          (reported by Bill Dietrich)

        * Updated German translation
          (Lars Windolf)

        * #861: Updated Spanish translation
          (vosian)



## Download

Grab the tarball on the Github release page [https://github.com/lwindolf/liferea/releases/tag/v1.13.2](https://github.com/lwindolf/liferea/releases/tag/v1.13.2)
