This release brings smaller improvements for the 1.16 release line.

## Fixes pane position restore

Pane position should now be properly restored after restart. Before the did change to arbitrary versions
due to some race condition in the Liferea GUI setup sequence.

## Printing support

There is a new "Print" action under "Tools" which allows printing the currently active browser/headline view.

## "Advanced" subscribing dialog

Next there is a change to "Advanced" subscribing. In the past the "Advanced" button
did allow you to specify filters and special feed sources. Now the "Advanced" button
launches the complete feed properties dialog. This way you can configure all options
before subscribing to the feed.

## Automatic pygobject + girepository 1/2 version switching

This is important for maintainers. Thanks to a PR by [loqs](https://github.com/loqs) configure.ac
now auto-detects the pygobject version and selects the proper dependency.

For this to work it is important that the `pygobject-3.0.pc` pkg-config file is available.
While it is not a direct dependency it is needed to detect the pygobject version.

## Changes

	* Rewrite GtkPaned position restoration to GSettings bindings
	  (Lars Windolf)

	* #1239 Add print support, new menu option in 'Tools'
	  (Lars Windolf)

	* #1304 Show full feed properties dialog on 'Advanced' subscribe
	  (Lars Windolf)

	* #1453 Automatically determine girepository version to use
	  (loqs)

## Download

Get the newest release at [https://github.com/lwindolf/liferea/releases/tag/v1.16.3](https://github.com/lwindolf/liferea/releases/tag/v1.16.3)
