This is a bugfix release adressing some distribution and functional issues.

## Allow compiling against girepository-2.0

The previous release did already switch to libpeas 2.0, but this is not enough to solve
all distro problems. Depending on the actual packages of the distro the migration to
girepository 2.0 might also be needed.

This release allows switching to the proper girepository version at build time

## Schema migration

**Note:** When first starting 1.16-RC4 a schema migration will run. Depending on the
number of headlines you have in your database this might take a while. Please be patient
this is a one time effect only!

## Notable Git Changes

- With this release the git head name changed from "master" to "main".
- Additionally the "gtk4" branch became the new "main"
- The 1.16 code lives now in branch "liferea-1_16"

## Changes

	* Migrates the DB schema to use autoincrement for item id to solve
	  race conditions were item metadata got mixed up. Note that this
          has a performance impact and table migration on startup might
	  take some seconds.
          (Lars Windolf)

	* Make JS vendor libs more reproducible by
	  - providing a package-lock.json
	  - providing a 'npm run installDeps' command
	  - always keeping non-minified versions in the repo
	  (Lars Windolf)

	* Update JS library DOMPurify to 3.2.5 and Readability to 0.6.0
	  (Lars Windolf)

	* Added CSP to item view that limits external resources that can load
	  (Lars Windolf)

	* #1429 Allow compiling against libgirepository 2.0, configure.ac still defaults
	  to 1.0 but you can change to 2.0 if you need to depending on you pygobject version
	  (Lars Windolf)

## Download

Get the new release at https://github.com/lwindolf/liferea/releases/tag/v1.16-RC4
