This is a new stable Liferea 1.16 release with several improvements and bugfixes

## Performance Bugfix

The 1.16.7 change to the feed updating did make it faster, but some code paths did unintentionally
block the GUI. This could lead to UI freezes on initial updating.

This should now be improved significantly. If you still experience long freezes please open an issue! 

## More customizing

If you really dislike or miss something with the rendering Liferea does, you now can with
a little bit of Javascript skill modify the rendering. There is a pre-render and a post-render
hook were you can modify data before rendering or extend/modify/remove the rendering
after the default rendering happens.

The hook boiler-plate is prepared in `~/.config/liferea/user.js`
    
    // This is a JS hook that allows you to hack the Liferea rendering
    //
    // It is invoked by the htmlview.js rendering scripting and provides you
    // with hooks one to modify the data before rendering and one to modify
    // or enhance the rendering after it is done.
    
    // hooks to modify item info rendering
    
    window.hookPreItemRendering = (data) => {
            return data;
    };
    window.hookPostItemRendering = () => {
            // Modify DOM as you like
    };
    
    // hooks to modify node info rendering
    
    window.hookPreNodeRendering = (data) => {
            return data;
    
    };
    window.hookPostNodeRendering = () => {
            // Modify DOM as you like
    };

## Better contrast

Jeff Fortin suggested to be more bold with contrast and now Liferea is. Light theme
contrast has been increased significantly and dark contrast has been lowered a bit.

## Added Blogroll support

Long ago Liferea already had support for the userland originated "blogchannel" namespace.
This RSS module did not get traction back then and for many years there was no way for a
feed to indicate the blogroll of the author. With the new "source" namespace (https://source.scripting.com/) 
defined by Dave Winer there is again a way to put your blogroll into your feed. 

Liferea now fetches the OPML automatically and presents you the blogroll when you click 
the feed.

Additionally Liferea also detects blogrolls defined (via `<link rel="blogroll">` in the HTML of the feeds 
homepage when initially subscribing to a feed. The [rss-feed-index crawler](https://lwindolf.github.io/rss-feed-index/) which is the source of 
the "Discover feeds" feature in Liferea found over 900 OPML subscription lists out there, so it might
well be that feeds you subscribe to will have a blogroll to show.

**If you have blog with an OPML blogroll and do not yet have either a `<link rel="blogroll">` tag in your
HTML or a `<source:blogroll>` tag in your feed please add it to make it easier for other users to automatically
find your OPML!**

## Changes

        * Reimplements category display, improves metadata display by
          displaying all in a wrapped line to optimize vertical space usage

        * Add a new user.js which is automatically installed to ~/.config/liferea/user.js
          that provides hooks for data and rendering manipulation.
          (Lars Windolf)
        
        * #1490: Add blogroll support. For feeds with <source:blogroll> element or homepages
          with <link rel="blogroll"> blogroll URLs are detected and the blogroll is downloaded
          and shown in the feed view.
          (Lars Windolf)

        * Change "Discover Feeds" to open in external browser. Due to
          rss-finder using ESM and Webkit enforcing CORS for ESM and 
          Cloudflares corsproxy.io now not available anymore there is no
          easy and secure way to simply embed it.
          (Lars Windolf)

        * Security updates for JS modules
          (Lars Windolf)

        * Fixes #1494: Better contrast in light mode, a bit less in dark mode
          (Lars Windolf)

        * Fixes #1482: Extraneous white space in item header
          (Lars Windolf)

        * Fixes #1481: Updating feeds satuarates the main look making
          interaction difficult
          (Lars Windolf)
        
        * Fixes a memory leak when loading subscription metadata
          (Lars Windolf)

        * Update of Spanish translation
          (Cristian Othón Martínez Vera)

## Download

Get the new release from [https://github.com/lwindolf/liferea/releases/tag/v1.16.8](https://github.com/lwindolf/liferea/releases/tag/v1.16.8)
